It's a trap.
If you just fall, you lose.
Spring rain
I didn't expect you to study chess so deeply
I couldn't afford to offend just now
Most people can't see it
Ah Cha's information
Why didn't you say magic language and learn chess?
Warm, how dare you?
Pretending to be me to meet Qianhan
If I hadn't known
I'm still hiding in my bones
Tell me, have you done this before?
How do you know that?
Jiang Xu told you, right?
You have a good relationship with Jiang Xu
Do you still know?
What do you want to cross Jiang Xu?
I just talked to you.
What are you talking about?
And pretending to be me will tear the cold
See if I don't look good on you
I'll tell you what.
Your mother is still in the hospital
Still in my hand